welcome people to this new video this
new tutorial good as you see from my
good desktop tutorial
this video will be about how to create a
server for brands of version 1.8
as you have seen in the channel we have a
video of the 17.2 and it did not come good what
first we need would be this
file that the minecraft server that
they have also seen it as always
limited in the description of the video
we are also never but I have here
I have created a room if you remember well
to create a room go here index red
believe in it says create a new network and
team put the two
i
we pass this file to a folder that
do not have anything we greet the file
and we give him
position
do not worry if nothing comes up here
always the same goes
good nothing comes out always nothing comes out
we closed there as you see we created these
few files is no longer like the 17.2 a
see who says classroom and here where it says eu
we put
we close we keep and we are again
and here he asks us how I have a computer
again I get this that I would not have to
I have a new computer installed
some things like they see there
because I always had installed
once finished when you have all
the archives you will know that it is finished
we closed this
and here it says be own and we put April
here and we come notebook
well let's go here we open hamas and
we copy this ip tv4 law and we put it
here the ip cell we paste we search for
here much more asked what it's for
that command that command that goes out and says
in aviles command block is for him there
people who do server and do it with
command blocks
to activate the blocks this
command they have to put here they put 3
I think this does not come out
we placed there I was there continuous of spirits
false
false because it is not premium
more emit
keep closed and now we help
I'll give you a small example that I can
get in
I do not know how it will look I do not know if it will be delayed
much
for those who want to install
server
go to the video of 17.2 I'll leave you one
label here and there in the
description is the link of fort and
they do the same thing they install it just as
how are the other video any
thing if they do not find the do not find
the
to talk
if they do not cost the the ford puts it on me
the comments
I leave the description of the video
good as you see here we enter I am the
first and I'm on a fucking island but
as you can see I am here on the server for
this and here's how they see it
Well, I hope that I have
liked that they understood it because
as you always know any doubt
Any comment
the problem or something they want to know me
they put in the comments and I'll
I answer
thank you very much for watching this video but
I liked it if light and until next time